{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .AppleSystemUIFontMonospaced-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red152\green58\blue3;\red255\green242\blue196;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c66667\c30196\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c95686\c81176;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs21 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 npm warn deprecated rimraf@3.0.2: Rimraf versions prior to v4 are no longer supported\cb1 \
\cb3 npm warn deprecated inflight@1.0.6: This module is not supported, and leaks memory. Do not use it. Check out lru-cache if you want a good and tested way to coalesce async requests by a key value, which is much more comprehensive and powerful.\cb1 \
\cb3 npm warn deprecated @humanwhocodes/config-array@0.13.0: Use @eslint/config-array instead\cb1 \
\cb3 npm warn deprecated glob@7.2.3: Old versions of glob are not supported, and contain widely publicized security vulnerabilities, which have been fixed in the current version. Please update. Support for old versions may be purchased (at exorbitant rates) by contacting i@izs.me\cb1 \
\cb3 npm warn deprecated @humanwhocodes/object-schema@2.0.3: Use @eslint/object-schema instead\cb1 \
\cb3 npm warn deprecated glob@10.3.10: Old versions of glob are not supported, and contain widely publicized security vulnerabilities, which have been fixed in the current version. Please update. Support for old versions may be purchased (at exorbitant rates) by contacting i@izs.me\cb1 \
\cb3 npm warn deprecated eslint@8.57.1: This version is no longer supported. Please see {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://eslint.org/version-support"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://eslint.org/version-support}} for other options.\cb1 \
}